MTA assessment application review (#769)
windup/windup-documentation: docs/topics/mta-web-reviewing-apps.adoc

.Procedure

. In *Migration* view, click *Application inventory*.
. Select the application you want to review.
[NOTE]
====
Only one application can be reviewed at a time.
====

> . Click image:kebab.png[] (three dots) at the right end of the row, and select *Review* from the drop-down menu. The application *Review* parameters appear in the main pane.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the Options menu {kebab} at the right end of the row, and select *Review* from the drop-down menu. The application *Review* parameters appear in the main pane.
```

// Get updated image for MTA
image::mta-web-assessment-review-01.png[Application review]

. Click *Proposed action* and select the action.
. Click *Effort estimate* and set the level of effort required to perform the assessment with the selected questionnaire.
. In the *Business criticality* field enter how critical the application is to the business.
. In the *Work priority* field enter the application's priority.

> . If you have any comments for the questionnaire, then enter them in the *Comments* field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you have any comments for the questionnaire, enter them in the *Comments* field.
```
